v4.0.0 (#156)
ably/kafka-connect-ably: UPDATING.md

# Upgrade / Migration Guide

## Version 3.x to 4.0

There are two **breaking changes** to configuration in the Ably Connector v4.0.0. The summary below covers the main changes:

> * **Stringify Kafka headers before send to Ably**. All kafka headers except `com.ably.extras.push` stringified using `String.valueOf`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Stringify Kafka headers before send to Ably**. All Kafka headers except `com.ably.extras.push` are now stringified using `String.valueOf` before being sent to Ably. 
```

> * **Flatten Kafka headers**. Kafka headers used to be located in `extras.kafka.headers` now it's in `extras.headers`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Flatten Kafka headers**. Previously, Kafka headers were located in `extras.kafka.headers` on Ably messages. They are now located in `extras.headers`.
```
